CORE-14969: Remove asynchronous publishing from examples in which it is no longer needed (#700)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-examples: examples/connext_dds/flat_data_latency/c++11/README.md

The FlatData profile used in this example inherits from the builtin
`StrictReliable.LargeData` profile. This builtin profile sets up the middleware
for sending large data by enabling some optimizations in the reliability

> protocol, the history, and how dynamic memory allocations are handled. In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protocol, the history, and the handling of dynamic memory allocations. In the
```

FlatData profile, the *Durability QoS* of the DataWriter is set to volatile to
enable managed samples to be reused when they are acknowledged. The

> *DataRepresentation QoS* is set to *Extended CDR version 2* at both the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*DataRepresentation QoS* is set to *Extended CDR version 2* on both the
```

> DataWriter and the DataReader as FlatData language binding is only supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataWriter and the DataReader since FlatData language binding is only supported
```
